hey everybody this is buddy doing the
river report and I got a weatherman from
wabg channels channel fifth let's try
that again I'll fix this in the edited
this is ducky xbt weatherman one of the
best TV stations in Greenville
Mississippi why's everybody to watch
yeah so what do you see happening now is
your water still rising and what it's
only going to rise to the next few days
goes the press tense I need some time on
monday at that point only going to go
down what's going to be above flood
stage by for the next three to four or
five weeks goodness it takes that long
to go down yeah you have millions of
millions of pounds of cubic water moving
on down the convergence is going to take
a while plus with the academic center
east or south norwood when it leaves
here is it starting to affect Vicksburg
and it go nachas and then it goes like
that it just it's like a wedge of water
moving well it's just a giant wedge of
war but as the water is funneled into
the Mississippi from the tributaries of
North it's just then she built up to the
height progressed which is owed me up
monday and i press this is only gonna
work its way down I was just calling us
slow
giant wave why wouldn't call it a
fugitive Lee away but it's just like a
no need amount of water I like that word
wave we're in the middle of the ninth
wave on the Mayan calendar a lot of
people don't know where understand about
the Maya calendar but I can say for sure
I looked at it done my research this is
not the end of the Mayan calendar 2012
it's the beginning of a way to live out
of time and we're seeing that as we move
through this most people are coming out
of fear and they're coming into love now
the weatherman he might not know exactly
about the Mayan calendar you ever heard
of a Mayan calendar mayan calendars got
5,000 years sick a full event I always
starts the beginning with the end of
offensive how you look at it it's all
depends on what your motives are yeah it
could be very could be subject to be a
lot about consciousness or it could be
subject to be a lot about this disciples
that he was speaking of a 26,000 your
apex with a swerve actually crosses the
Galactic sooner plane which can it we're
saying now is that he's and we're at
peace with it we're having fun nothing
to be afraid of so mr. on the dry side
levy I mean what would be too worried
about is a harder life thank you very
much appreciated